How can you still have the face to come back?
Lingfan, our Qiao family treats you well
You brought us to the brink of bankruptcy
You are not even as good as a white-eyed wolf
Mom and Dad
I'll do my own thing.
Celebrate what's going on
It was Xiaoyu who took revenge
Found Shen Xiaobu, the grandson of the richest man Shen Wansan
Shen Wansan, the richest man in Jiangdong
This is the richest man Shen Wansan
See King of Profound Jade
The Shen Group is now the largest subsidiary of the Qiao family
Under Xu Yaoyu's village head
Shen Xiaobo withdrew all the funds of the Qiao family
Now the Qiao family's capital chain is broken.
On the verge of bankruptcy
Ten million to compensate
Don't worry, isn't it Shen Xiaobo?
I'll go talk to him
Lin Fan, you don't make drafts even if you talk big
How can you handle this rich Shen family?
You can't even compare to other people's heels
Okay, Lin Fan
I don't have time to talk nonsense with you
Quickly drag Qinghe to the Xu family immediately
Li Fan, you have now been kicked out of Qiao's house
The Qiao family has nothing to do with you
Don't mess around anymore
Dad, if you keep fooling around like this
I can't spoil you either
Give me a day.
I'm going to get the god's house
If unsuccessful
I voluntarily quit the Qiao family
If successful
You will never bully Qinghe again
And the president of the Joe Group
By Qinghe
No, absolutely not.
frequent
You can't even handle the Xu family
Still delusional about getting the Shen family
What are you talking about in your sleep?
Jo Vivi
Your brother-in-law's strength is actually what you can imagine
Let's not forget that.
Guo Duozhu of Jiangdong Blood Rain before
I dare not do anything to him
By the way, it seems to be the case
Oops dad
Don't be fooled by him
He was a blind cat meeting a dead mouse.
That's nice.
Then I'll touch another dead rat and show you
Well, then I'll be a living horse doctor
I promise you.
I only give you half a day.
It's a deal.